[OSDOCS#16167]: Added content for Installing CSI driver using CLI (#109587)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/persistent-storage-csi-secrets-store-driver-install-cli.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * storage/container_storage_interface/persistent-storage-csi-secrets-store.adoc
//

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="persistent-storage-csi-secrets-store-driver-install-cli_{context}"]
= Installing the {secrets-store-driver} by using the CLI

[role="_abstract"]

> The {secrets-store-driver} is typically installed in namespace `openshift-cluster-csi-drivers` which is already present in the cluster as part of installation of the cluster storage Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {secrets-store-driver} is typically installed in the namespace `openshift-cluster-csi-drivers`. This namespace is present in the cluster as part of the installation of the Cluster Storage Operator.
```
Mm, check the capitalization of Cluster Storage Operator.

.Prerequisites

> The namespace and the operatorgroup must exist already.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You installed the Cluster Storage Operator.
```
It is OperatorGroup (upper case). If the Operator was installed with the OpenShift web console, it automatically creates the group as needed. Otherwise I believe you have to create one (CLI install). Which OperatorGroup is required?
Any other prereqs?

.Procedure

. Create a `Subscription` object by defining a YAML file with the following content:
+

> The following is an example of a `subscription.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Example `Subscription` object:
```

Reviewer: you can use the titles per current doc styles even if it pops a DITA error; these will just convert to bold

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operators.coreos.com/v1alpha1
kind: Subscription
metadata:
  name: secrets-store-csi-driver-operator
  namespace: openshift-cluster-csi-drivers
spec:
  channel: stable
  installPlanApproval: Automatic

>   name: secrets-store-csi-driver-operator

Reviewer: this YAML does not lint; I get an error that the keys must be unique

  source: redhat-operators
  sourceNamespace: openshift-marketplace
----

> . create the driver with a command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create the driver by running the following command:
```
steps should be action-oriented and capitalized
